src/proof_sketcher/__init__.py:1:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/__init__.py:3:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/__main__.py:6:10: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/ai/__init__.py:10:59: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:51:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:151:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:158:80: E501 line too long (124 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:160:80: E501 line too long (160 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:162:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/anthropic_client.py:162:100: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:7:1: F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:12:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:17:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/base_client.py:52:10: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:15:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:19:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:73:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:85:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:122:80: E501 line too long (135 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:127:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:133:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:143:80: E501 line too long (116 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:155:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:162:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:164:80: E501 line too long (119 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:166:80: E501 line too long (111 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:192:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:224:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:226:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:230:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:242:80: E501 line too long (116 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:244:80: E501 line too long (160 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/ai/offline_client.py:244:161: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:11:1: F401 'pathlib.Path' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:18:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:22:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:40:36: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:46:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:47:33: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:105:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:112:29: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:113:26: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:165:17: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:166:26: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:183:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:203:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:218:31: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:220:31: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:226:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:227:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:228:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:229:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:230:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:232:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:238:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:239:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:248:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:248:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:249:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:249:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:250:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:257:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:261:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:267:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:269:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:274:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:275:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:276:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:277:35: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:305:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:324:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:372:29: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:378:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:398:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:412:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:413:27: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:429:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:440:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:451:20: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:475:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:483:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animation_generator.py:493:51: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:10:1: F401 '..core.exceptions.MemoryError as ProofSketcherMemoryError' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:10:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:15:80: E501 line too long (119 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:19:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:32:53: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:48:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:71:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:93:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:127:41: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:132:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:160:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:192:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:193:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:199:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:223:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:243:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:246:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:249:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:257:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:258:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:259:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:261:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:297:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:369:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:372:5: F811 redefinition of unused 'validate_setup' from line 219
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:385:28: F821 undefined name 'ManimMCPManager'
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:448:5: F811 redefinition of unused '_setup_output_directories' from line 115
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:496:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:511:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:552:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:571:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:588:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:602:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:627:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:630:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:632:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:653:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:660:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:661:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:666:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:670:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:671:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:675:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:679:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:682:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:683:80: E501 line too long (118 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:685:80: E501 line too long (127 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:687:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:690:32: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:691:23: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:693:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:695:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:703:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:706:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:721:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:728:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:732:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:737:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:747:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:751:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:762:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:770:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:772:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:775:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:777:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:780:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:789:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:791:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:801:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:802:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:803:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:804:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:807:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:811:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:815:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:817:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:841:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:868:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/animator.py:881:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:27:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:53:45: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:54:21: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:55:21: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:56:21: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:60:67: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:61:24: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:67:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:91:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:92:13: E722 do not use bare 'except'
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:117:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:135:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:136:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:137:13: E722 do not use bare 'except'
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:145:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:151:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:160:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:160:82: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:161:26: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:179:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:180:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:181:13: E722 do not use bare 'except'
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:219:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:224:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:231:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:232:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:240:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:249:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:265:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:266:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:267:13: E722 do not use bare 'except'
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:272:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:301:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:302:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:309:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:310:74: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:311:24: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:331:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:370:73: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:371:39: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:371:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:373:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:377:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:403:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:409:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:413:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:414:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:426:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:432:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:442:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:443:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:454:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:486:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:499:55: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:500:22: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:501:22: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:502:22: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:510:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:529:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:532:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:534:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:537:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:539:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/fallback.py:545:10: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:166:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:167:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:172:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:177:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:178:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:185:69: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:186:36: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:203:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:207:21: E306 expected 1 blank line before a nested definition, found 0
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:208:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:211:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:221:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:225:21: E306 expected 1 blank line before a nested definition, found 0
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:227:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:240:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:245:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:256:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:261:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:272:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:285:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:315:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:422:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:437:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:442:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:447:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:449:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:451:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:452:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:453:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:465:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:466:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:508:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:513:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:516:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:522:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:528:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:529:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:531:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:607:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:612:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:613:80: E501 line too long (190 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:655:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:657:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/formula_extractor.py:659:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:16:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:20:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:22:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:64:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:82:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:134:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:209:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:217:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:218:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:273:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:288:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:290:5: F811 redefinition of unused '_is_circuit_open' from line 66
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:329:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:340:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:368:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:382:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:392:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:395:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:398:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:413:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:434:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:450:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:452:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:463:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:473:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:514:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:525:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:526:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:538:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:550:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:554:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:592:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:599:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:600:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:603:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:610:5: F811 redefinition of unused '_build_server_command' from line 159
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:635:5: F811 redefinition of unused '_wait_for_server_ready' from line 176
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:657:5: F811 redefinition of unused '_health_check_loop' from line 267
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:693:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:694:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:733:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:747:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:816:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:824:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:826:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_mcp.py:831:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:4:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:9:1: F401 'json' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:14:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:39:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:43:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:56:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:99:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:151:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:193:40: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:287:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:302:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/manim_server.py:354:24: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:16:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:17:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:19:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:46:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:57:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:71:80: E501 line too long (119 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:79:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:80:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:81:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:82:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:85:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:96:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:98:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:123:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:137:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:181:70: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:182:27: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:206:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:222:62: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:223:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:224:34: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:224:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:244:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/mock_mcp.py:262:10: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:55:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:56:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:61:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:66:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:67:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:74:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:78:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:79:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:85:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:86:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:144:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:145:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:146:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:159:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:175:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:194:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:218:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:222:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:224:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:231:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:239:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:246:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:249:80: E501 line too long (122 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:256:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:259:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:285:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:286:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:298:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:300:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:301:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:307:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:311:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:317:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:335:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:344:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:356:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:371:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:379:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:388:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:389:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:390:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:404:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:405:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/models.py:420:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:32:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:96:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:140:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:180:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:185:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:229:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:247:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:358:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:377:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:446:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:498:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:523:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:532:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:554:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:557:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/scene_builder.py:573:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:10:1: F401 'pathlib.Path' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:12:1: F401 'colorsys' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:18:5: F401 'matplotlib.patches as mpatches' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:19:5: F401 'matplotlib.patches.Arrow' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:20:5: F401 'numpy as np' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:36:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:47:42: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:68:58: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:84:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:85:33: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:102:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:133:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:188:32: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:195:23: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:200:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:319:41: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:324:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:336:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:379:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:407:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:410:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:413:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:494:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:511:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/animator/static_fallback.py:512:65: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/batch/__init__.py:7:66: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:1:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:3:1: F401 'gzip' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:24:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:27:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:28:25: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:46:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:74:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:75:24: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:76:27: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:127:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:146:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:147:18: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:148:20: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:167:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:178:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:232:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:252:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:253:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:257:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:275:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:276:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:280:59: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:353:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:354:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:383:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:398:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:434:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/cache_manager.py:443:34: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:7:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:13:1: F401 '..config.config.ProofSketcherConfig' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:43:5: F401 '..generator.models.ProofSketch' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:43:5: F401 '..generator.models.ProofStep' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:46:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:60:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:90:13: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:105:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:112:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:150:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:162:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:167:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:168:13: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:197:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:238:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:263:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:289:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:305:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:320:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:337:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:379:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:383:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:407:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:413:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:415:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/parallel_processor.py:415:84: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:6:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:70:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:78:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:120:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:209:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:216:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:231:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:244:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:251:13: E722 do not use bare 'except'
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:263:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:264:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:270:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:299:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:300:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:302:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:305:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:314:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:317:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:335:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:338:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/batch/project_scanner.py:352:28: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli.py:10:26: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/__init__.py:9:26: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/__init__.py:1:27: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:80:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:88:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:95:19: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:125:27: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:136:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:158:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:160:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:162:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:167:80: E501 line too long (117 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:169:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:171:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch.py:177:20: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:1:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:8:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:13:1: F401 'rich.progress.BarColumn' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:13:1: F401 'rich.progress.TaskProgressColumn' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:13:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:141:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:142:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:153:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:160:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:171:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:172:80: E501 line too long (134 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:173:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:182:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:184:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:250:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:289:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:297:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:298:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:309:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:310:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:313:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:320:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:321:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:346:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:351:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:352:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:354:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:356:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:363:9: F401 'traceback' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/batch_new.py:366:20: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:19:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:47:15: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:48:10: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:49:18: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:74:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:83:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:106:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:155:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:171:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:209:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:213:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:226:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:230:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:239:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:243:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:252:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/cache.py:257:64: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:19:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:80:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:88:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:92:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/config.py:125:20: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:19:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:22:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:31:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:52:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:53:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:54:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:76:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:77:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:92:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:121:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:135:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/info.py:151:79: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:44:16: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:48:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:49:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:63:80: E501 line too long (117 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:65:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:66:23: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:82:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:90:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:123:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:133:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:142:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:144:80: E501 line too long (140 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:145:80: E501 line too long (123 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:146:80: E501 line too long (132 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:147:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:148:80: E501 line too long (117 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:174:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:196:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:203:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:232:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:242:28: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/optimize.py:257:15: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:24:16: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:31:16: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:51:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:71:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:82:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:86:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:89:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:101:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:116:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:119:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:120:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:121:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:150:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:219:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:254:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:255:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:256:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:257:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:280:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:284:13: F841 local variable 'unit' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:313:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:314:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:319:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:320:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:377:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:381:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:390:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/performance.py:394:28: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:12:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:33:16: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:34:10: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:35:37: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:43:80: E501 line too long (116 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:46:17: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:47:18: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:48:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:51:17: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:52:10: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:53:19: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:59:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:73:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:74:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:82:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:88:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:91:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:107:32: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:115:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:116:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:117:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:149:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:154:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:159:80: E501 line too long (117 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:163:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:171:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:173:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:182:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:183:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:194:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:200:80: E501 line too long (114 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:205:80: E501 line too long (123 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:208:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:215:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:236:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:240:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:243:80: E501 line too long (110 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:269:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:283:29: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:297:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:335:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:336:59: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:371:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/commands/prove.py:373:16: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:44:17: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:45:10: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:46:18: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:57:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:59:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:68:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:76:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/cli/main.py:114:11: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:19:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:29:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:30:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:31:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:60:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:61:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:68:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:77:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:79:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:175:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:192:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:209:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:259:36: E203 whitespace before ':'
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:263:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:276:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:289:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:366:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:398:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:400:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:402:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/config/config.py:404:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:24:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:27:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:93:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:94:80: E501 line too long (119 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:95:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:96:80: E501 line too long (104 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:142:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:159:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:160:25: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:169:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:175:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:196:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:221:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:224:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:225:25: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:244:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:253:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:268:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:269:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:282:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:285:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:301:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:302:30: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:312:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:329:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:332:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:341:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:350:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:359:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:393:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:395:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:398:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:410:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:412:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:414:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:434:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:436:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:437:37: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:460:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:469:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:478:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:480:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:482:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:486:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:511:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:514:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:515:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:516:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:517:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:521:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:538:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:578:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:581:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:582:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/batch_processor.py:582:88: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:4:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:5:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:8:49: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:22:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:31:69: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:38:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:79:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:104:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:107:59: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:107:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:111:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:112:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:115:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:117:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:121:65: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:121:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:122:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:123:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:124:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:127:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:133:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:140:73: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:141:30: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:142:67: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:143:27: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:144:63: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:145:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:153:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:168:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:170:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:204:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:209:63: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:216:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:229:80: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:230:27: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:242:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:244:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:245:26: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:245:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:249:63: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:250:27: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:251:27: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:252:27: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:287:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:289:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:290:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:294:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:296:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:298:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:305:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:312:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:314:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:316:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:323:80: E501 line too long (122 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:331:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:340:80: E501 line too long (133 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:355:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:362:80: E501 line too long (115 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:367:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:377:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:379:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:398:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:423:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:428:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:442:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:443:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:444:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:448:80: E501 line too long (133 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:450:80: E501 line too long (114 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:454:9: F841 local variable 'target_overall' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:455:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:457:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:461:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:493:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:497:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:500:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:510:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:520:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:521:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:522:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:523:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:539:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:540:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:541:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:542:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:545:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:556:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/context_optimizer.py:563:29: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:278:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:319:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:331:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:340:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:349:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:352:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:353:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:414:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:425:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:426:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:438:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:439:80: E501 line too long (131 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:451:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:458:37: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:459:47: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:466:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:491:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/exceptions.py:503:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/interfaces.py:9:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/models.py:43:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/models.py:136:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/models.py:148:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:3:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:14:1: F401 'collections.defaultdict' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:16:1: F401 'datetime.datetime' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:16:1: F401 'datetime.timedelta' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:19:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:19:1: F401 'typing.Awaitable' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:73:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:139:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:160:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:278:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:335:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:351:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:357:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:397:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:399:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:403:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:404:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:407:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:408:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:409:80: E501 line too long (109 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:444:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:448:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:466:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:482:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:521:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:539:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:545:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:556:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:559:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:560:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:562:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:566:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:589:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:605:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:610:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:621:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:623:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:625:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:627:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:630:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:633:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:652:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:657:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:661:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:662:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:672:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:681:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/monitoring.py:685:57: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:13:1: F401 'concurrent.futures.as_completed' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:15:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:17:1: F401 '.performance.BatchOptimizer' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:17:1: F401 '.performance.ConnectionPool' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:17:1: F401 '.performance.PerformanceMonitor' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:60:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:71:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:88:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:156:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:177:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:180:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:196:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:208:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:231:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:232:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:240:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:288:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:302:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:331:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:338:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:398:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:411:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:418:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:444:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:470:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:477:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:484:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:487:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:499:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:511:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:514:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:525:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:540:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:542:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:544:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:582:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:603:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:614:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:617:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:621:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:628:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:635:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:637:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:643:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/optimization.py:651:6: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:3:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:17:1: F401 'concurrent.futures.as_completed' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:20:1: F401 'pathlib.Path' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:22:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:22:80: E501 line too long (114 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:85:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:133:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:153:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:201:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:210:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:224:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:232:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:240:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:251:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:269:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:285:14: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:286:19: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:287:22: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:309:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:319:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:331:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:394:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:429:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:446:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:467:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:473:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:476:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:490:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:491:40: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:495:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:500:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:505:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:515:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:532:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:537:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:553:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:554:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:556:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:561:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:570:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:580:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:585:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:601:17: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:604:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:612:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:617:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:626:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:633:17: F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:636:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:669:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/performance.py:670:18: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:24:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:58:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:142:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:187:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:191:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:266:80: E501 line too long (104 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:269:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:278:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:289:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:296:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:298:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:300:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:309:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:338:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:369:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:376:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:379:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:417:42: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:418:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:420:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:421:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:425:40: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:426:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:428:17: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:432:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:436:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:439:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:440:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:443:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:444:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:455:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:482:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:491:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:492:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:494:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:504:42: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:505:13: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:510:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:511:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:515:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:527:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:548:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:552:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:567:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:578:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:582:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:589:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:602:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:605:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:612:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:615:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/resources.py:619:66: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/core/utils.py:59:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/utils.py:184:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/core/utils.py:292:18: E203 whitespace before ':'
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:76:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:98:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:108:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:141:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:177:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:188:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:280:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:345:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/base.py:372:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:52:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:66:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:85:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:94:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:149:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:169:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:254:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:273:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:281:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:300:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:302:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:306:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:312:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:323:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:344:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:369:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:372:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:373:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:376:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:389:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:406:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:432:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:438:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:454:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:455:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:455:86: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:459:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:461:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:463:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:474:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:480:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:485:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:488:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:519:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:541:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:545:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:551:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:555:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:557:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:559:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:580:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:582:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:583:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:598:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:601:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:625:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:629:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:642:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:646:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:647:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:648:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/html.py:651:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:31:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:48:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:56:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:74:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:102:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:109:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:136:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:160:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:167:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:204:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:212:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:223:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:235:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:273:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/jupyter.py:313:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:35:37: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:57:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:60:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:62:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:78:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:135:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:250:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:258:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:264:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:282:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:310:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:325:41: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:329:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:333:42: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:336:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:360:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:379:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:382:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:384:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:403:62: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:404:27: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:405:22: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:410:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:437:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:465:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:468:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:493:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:506:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:507:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:548:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:549:80: E501 line too long (149 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:551:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:560:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:574:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:578:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:581:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:586:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:589:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:594:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:597:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:599:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:600:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:602:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:607:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:611:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:614:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:615:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:617:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:618:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:627:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:628:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:636:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:644:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:646:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:647:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:651:21: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:652:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:660:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:664:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:677:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:678:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:679:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:681:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:685:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:686:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:687:80: E501 line too long (135 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:694:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:696:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:699:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:703:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:704:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:711:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:727:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:730:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:742:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:747:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:748:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:749:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:754:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:758:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:762:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/markdown.py:774:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:3:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:24:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:29:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:42:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:56:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:59:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:90:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:104:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:126:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:129:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:152:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:167:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:172:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:173:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:192:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:196:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:257:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:275:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:276:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:284:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:296:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:313:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:314:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:317:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:318:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:320:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:321:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:339:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:355:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:373:57: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:425:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:430:60: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:431:5: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:431:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:434:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:440:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:461:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:462:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:463:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:464:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:465:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:466:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:467:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:475:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:481:36: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:495:35: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:502:35: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:516:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:539:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:548:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/mathlib_exporter.py:550:28: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:105:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:106:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:137:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:141:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:146:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:150:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:151:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:154:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:155:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:171:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:178:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:183:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:226:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:280:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/models.py:285:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:39:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:42:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:69:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:88:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:149:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:158:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:166:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/pdf.py:215:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:17:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:28:47: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:44:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:46:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:54:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:79:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:94:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:103:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:118:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:143:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:261:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:313:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:340:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:393:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:405:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:407:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:417:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:422:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:426:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:429:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:435:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:440:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:442:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:455:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:459:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:464:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:476:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:489:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:508:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:513:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:515:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:517:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:536:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:538:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:542:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:545:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:551:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:553:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:561:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:567:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:568:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:569:80: E501 line too long (119 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:570:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:571:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:574:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:578:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:582:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:595:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:598:5: F811 redefinition of unused '_get_custom_filters' from line 236
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:613:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:628:49: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:670:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:673:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:676:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/exporter/template_manager.py:678:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/__init__.py:1:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/__init__.py:3:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:39:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:113:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:124:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:130:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:195:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:239:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:245:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:283:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:289:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:370:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:380:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:427:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:452:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:456:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:481:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:538:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:573:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator.py:586:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:14:1: F401 '.models.GenerationRequest' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:14:1: F401 '.models.GenerationResponse' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:25:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:59:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:61:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:78:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:94:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:149:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:170:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:205:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:206:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:220:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:222:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:224:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:226:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:238:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:242:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:272:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:275:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:289:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:306:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:311:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/ai_generator_fixed.py:324:14: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:8:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:32:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:116:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:127:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:218:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:312:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:350:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:360:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:423:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:463:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/cache.py:476:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:33:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:34:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:50:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:51:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:52:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:53:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:57:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:63:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:109:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:115:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:121:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:192:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:202:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:209:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:217:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:232:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:241:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/models.py:244:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:19:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:27:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:28:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:29:80: E501 line too long (113 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:30:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:31:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:32:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:33:80: E501 line too long (109 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:34:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:35:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:36:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:41:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:42:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:43:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:44:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:45:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:46:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:47:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:48:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:49:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:50:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:51:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:52:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:57:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:58:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:59:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:60:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:61:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:62:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:63:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:64:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:65:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:98:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:117:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:177:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:180:26: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:190:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:194:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:196:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:206:5: E303 too many blank lines (2)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:207:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:213:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:216:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:218:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:226:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:234:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:242:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:262:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:265:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:270:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:272:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:274:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:276:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:278:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:281:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:283:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:288:80: E501 line too long (110 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:290:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:292:80: E501 line too long (114 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:296:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:298:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:312:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:314:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:316:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:322:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:336:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:342:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:348:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:349:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:352:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:354:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:355:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:356:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:357:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:358:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:359:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:361:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:365:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:379:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:395:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:404:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:413:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:415:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:420:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:427:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:433:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:435:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:442:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/offline.py:461:6: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts.py:26:2: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/__init__.py:21:26: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/__init__.py:25:2: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:11:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:15:33: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:16:30: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:31:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/base.py:59:64: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/convenience.py:97:6: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:8:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:12:80: E501 line too long (210 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:17:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:19:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:25:80: E501 line too long (357 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:26:2: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:27:80: E501 line too long (268 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:30:80: E501 line too long (114 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:80:80: E501 line too long (191 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:83:80: E501 line too long (201 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/eli5.py:84:4: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:8:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:12:80: E501 line too long (216 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:17:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:21:80: E501 line too long (109 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:26:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:30:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:33:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:44:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:73:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:120:80: E501 line too long (172 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/mathematical_context.py:121:4: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:7:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:8:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:12:80: E501 line too long (222 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:15:80: E501 line too long (129 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:20:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:22:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:34:80: E501 line too long (186 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:35:80: E501 line too long (115 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:36:80: E501 line too long (114 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:83:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:95:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:114:80: E501 line too long (234 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/proof_sketch.py:115:4: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/renderers.py:41:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/renderers.py:51:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/renderers.py:88:37: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:8:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:12:80: E501 line too long (193 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:17:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:19:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:31:80: E501 line too long (211 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:31:212: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:32:2: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:33:80: E501 line too long (194 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:34:2: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:36:2: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:37:80: E501 line too long (170 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:40:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:100:18: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:129:80: E501 line too long (149 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/step_by_step.py:130:4: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:8:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:12:80: E501 line too long (192 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:23:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:24:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:27:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:60:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:64:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:114:80: E501 line too long (154 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/generator/prompts/tactic_explanation.py:115:4: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/__init__.py:9:28: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/__init__.py:11:2: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:16:1: F401 'collections.deque' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:18:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:18:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:20:1: F401 'datetime.timedelta' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:128:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:206:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:216:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:235:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:253:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:278:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:289:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:296:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:303:59: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:322:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:333:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:338:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:346:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:349:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:350:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:380:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:383:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:390:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:391:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:395:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:396:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:413:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:426:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:430:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:443:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:447:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:493:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/batch_api.py:514:29: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:13:1: F401 'io' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:15:1: F401 'tempfile' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:18:1: F401 'typing.AsyncGenerator' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:72:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:135:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:235:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:255:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:283:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:309:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:334:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:360:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:408:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:412:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:413:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:447:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:450:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:461:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:463:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:467:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:469:60: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:475:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:478:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:482:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:484:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:490:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:499:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:514:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:516:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:518:9: F841 local variable 'config' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:519:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:531:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:535:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:540:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:543:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:546:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:548:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:550:80: E501 line too long (115 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:551:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:558:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:560:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:564:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:571:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:573:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:574:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:578:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:619:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:623:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:624:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:625:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:628:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:632:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:635:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/export_streaming.py:635:87: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:17:1: F401 'concurrent.futures.ThreadPoolExecutor' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:17:1: F401 'concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:17:1: F401 'concurrent.futures.as_completed' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:17:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:18:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:24:1: F401 '.smart_cache.cached' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:27:1: F401 '..exporter.models.ExportFormat' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:152:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:197:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:201:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:235:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:251:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:257:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:280:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:285:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:295:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:308:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:313:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:318:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:331:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:344:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:358:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:366:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:367:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:373:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:377:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:379:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:386:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:387:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:408:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:410:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:412:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:423:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:433:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:436:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:441:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:445:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:449:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:452:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:455:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:458:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:465:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:466:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:471:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:509:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:518:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:520:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:522:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:524:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/performance.py:538:29: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:19:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:54:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:74:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:83:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:144:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:154:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:160:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:167:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:192:42: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:206:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:232:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:240:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:253:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:268:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:273:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:278:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:279:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:295:30: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:296:37: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:368:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:372:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:373:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:378:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:383:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:392:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:399:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:423:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:435:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:436:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:501:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:505:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:507:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/resource_limits.py:510:21: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:20:1: F401 'dataclasses.asdict' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:57:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:88:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:100:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:105:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:142:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:174:51: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:185:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:190:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:192:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:228:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:269:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:272:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:278:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:283:32: F821 undefined name 'Theorem'
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:287:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:297:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:309:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:310:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:314:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:323:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:324:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:325:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:331:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:341:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:349:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:352:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:360:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:364:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:381:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:396:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:398:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:401:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:416:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:424:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:426:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:437:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:448:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:453:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:461:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:464:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:472:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:477:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:479:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:482:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:485:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:490:44: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:491:17: E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:496:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:498:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:502:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:504:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:513:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:515:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:517:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:520:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:523:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:526:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:528:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:532:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:542:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:546:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:547:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:555:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:557:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:596:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:605:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:615:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:617:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:622:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:628:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:635:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:640:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/optimizations/smart_cache.py:641:21: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/parser/config.py:41:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/config.py:103:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:5:30: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:18:1: F401 'typing.Match' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:72:11: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:150:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:160:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:184:28: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:185:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:193:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:206:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:217:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:235:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:257:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:266:57: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:272:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:278:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:279:74: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:280:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:281:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:281:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:282:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:282:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:286:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:288:80: E501 line too long (120 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:290:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:292:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:294:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:296:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:298:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:300:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:303:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:314:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:315:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:316:23: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:316:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:316:81: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:317:23: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:319:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:321:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:323:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:324:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:327:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:330:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:345:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:347:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:348:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:349:26: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:349:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:350:26: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:350:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:353:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:355:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:356:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:359:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:374:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:377:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:378:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:378:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:379:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:382:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:384:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:385:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:388:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:406:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:407:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:407:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:408:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:411:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:413:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:429:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:431:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:432:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:433:21: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:434:21: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:437:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:439:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:440:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:454:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:456:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:457:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:458:24: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:458:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:459:24: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:462:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:464:80: E501 line too long (114 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:480:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:482:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:483:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:484:21: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:485:21: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:488:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:490:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:491:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:504:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:506:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:507:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:508:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:508:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:509:25: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:512:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:519:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:530:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:532:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:534:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:535:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:539:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:542:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:549:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:554:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:556:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:557:80: E501 line too long (104 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:561:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:576:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:578:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:579:74: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:580:33: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:580:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:584:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:589:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:592:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:606:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:608:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:613:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:617:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:620:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:622:41: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:623:71: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:624:80: E501 line too long (98 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:626:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:628:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:631:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:633:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:634:80: E501 line too long (111 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:637:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:638:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:639:80: E501 line too long (128 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:641:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:645:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:652:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:653:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:662:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:664:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:665:80: E501 line too long (145 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:672:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:674:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:677:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:688:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:690:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:691:80: E501 line too long (125 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:698:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:701:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:708:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:710:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:711:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:713:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:718:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:725:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:730:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:732:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:737:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:747:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:752:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:754:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:755:80: E501 line too long (115 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:756:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:758:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:760:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:763:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:768:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/enhanced_parser.py:769:29: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:13:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:28:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:29:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:48:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:51:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:67:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:71:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:81:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:83:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:86:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:88:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:98:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:122:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:128:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:163:66: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:164:24: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:174:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:200:72: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:204:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:240:32: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:240:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:258:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:269:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:275:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:278:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:290:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:298:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:316:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_extractor.py:333:29: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:18:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:51:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:72:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:79:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:88:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:89:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:90:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:91:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:92:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:107:80: E501 line too long (111 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:114:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:182:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:186:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:188:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:202:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:206:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:225:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:248:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:293:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:299:80: E501 line too long (122 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:387:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:399:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:415:28: F821 undefined name 'validate_theorem_name'
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:419:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:479:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:579:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:606:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:621:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:697:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:698:66: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:699:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:699:57: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:700:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:700:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:702:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:708:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:712:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:714:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:723:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:724:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:726:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:727:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:730:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:733:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:736:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:737:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:738:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:745:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:754:80: E501 line too long (101 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:755:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:757:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:761:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:765:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:769:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:770:80: E501 line too long (115 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:771:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:772:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:774:21: F841 local variable 'enhanced_names' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:775:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:778:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:778:88: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:785:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:788:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:790:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:792:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:794:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:795:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:797:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:802:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:811:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:812:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:815:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:816:80: E501 line too long (111 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:817:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:823:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:824:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:826:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:830:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:831:80: E501 line too long (111 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:832:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:839:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:844:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:848:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:849:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:852:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:853:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:855:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:856:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:859:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:862:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:863:80: E501 line too long (108 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:864:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:865:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:867:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:870:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:879:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:891:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:893:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:896:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:909:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:911:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:912:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:921:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:924:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:930:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:933:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:939:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:945:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:950:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:954:80: E501 line too long (133 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:955:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:957:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/lean_parser.py:959:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:5:22: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:13:1: F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:42:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:43:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:44:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:45:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:46:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:48:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:49:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:51:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:57:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:67:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:68:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:70:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:71:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:72:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:73:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:78:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:79:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:81:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:84:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:90:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:91:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:92:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:93:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:94:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:95:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:96:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:97:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:102:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:103:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:104:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:105:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:106:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:107:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:108:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:116:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:118:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:119:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:121:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:122:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:127:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:128:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:129:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:130:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:131:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:132:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:143:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:144:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:145:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:150:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:160:80: E501 line too long (96 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:163:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:166:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:169:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:196:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:202:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:210:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:221:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:227:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:236:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:254:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:307:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:311:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:328:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:330:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:331:80: E501 line too long (345 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:332:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:333:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:335:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:340:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:343:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:348:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:357:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:363:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:366:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:371:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:375:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:386:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:394:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:400:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:405:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation.py:406:50: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:14:1: F401 'logging' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:16:1: F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:16:1: F401 'typing.Tuple' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:16:1: F401 'typing.Set' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:17:1: F401 'dataclasses.dataclass' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:18:1: F401 'collections.defaultdict' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:21:1: F401 '.mathlib_notation.NotationMapping' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:26:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:37:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:42:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:48:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:97:59: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:107:49: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:110:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:127:72: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:129:72: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:131:51: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:133:51: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:135:51: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:143:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:240:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:250:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:253:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:257:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:260:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:279:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:300:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:302:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:312:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:315:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:320:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:337:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:339:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:350:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:355:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:358:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:362:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:370:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:374:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:375:80: E501 line too long (104 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:376:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:383:80: E501 line too long (113 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:384:80: E501 line too long (111 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:391:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:397:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:402:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:403:80: E501 line too long (106 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:406:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:409:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:414:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:421:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:428:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:434:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:436:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:441:80: E501 line too long (95 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:442:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:443:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:455:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:460:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:465:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:468:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/mathlib_notation_optimized.py:469:19: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:15:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:19:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:20:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:44:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:46:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:70:34: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:84:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:85:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/parser/models.py:100:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/__init__.py:9:50: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:18:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:22:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:30:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:63:80: E501 line too long (107 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:80:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:108:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:140:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:166:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:167:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:205:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:212:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:213:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:224:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:244:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:249:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:252:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:258:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:286:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:301:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/network_security.py:319:31: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:15:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:18:42: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:22:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:41:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:46:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:62:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:66:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:68:9: F841 local variable 'safe_tags' is assigned to but never used
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:75:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:78:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:81:80: E501 line too long (120 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:99:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:102:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:104:80: E501 line too long (103 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:105:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:117:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:144:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:145:80: E501 line too long (115 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:158:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:178:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:196:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:200:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:208:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:219:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:229:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:232:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:235:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:238:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:247:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:259:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:267:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:281:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:284:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:289:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:293:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:296:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:298:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:299:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:303:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:305:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/sanitizers.py:306:30: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:9:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:15:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:21:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:35:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:40:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:45:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:50:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:70:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:74:60: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:75:20: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:75:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:77:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:109:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:112:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:115:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:124:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:142:80: E501 line too long (169 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:146:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:161:80: E501 line too long (94 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:171:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:178:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:186:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:199:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:206:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:219:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:225:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:230:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:246:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:253:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:262:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/secure_config.py:277:20: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Any' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:22:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:27:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:32:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:46:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:49:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:51:80: E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:55:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:57:80: E501 line too long (105 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:68:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:71:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:73:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:101:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:112:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:113:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:117:80: E501 line too long (100 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:118:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:124:80: E501 line too long (112 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:125:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:127:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:135:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:143:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:144:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:149:80: E501 line too long (116 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:153:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:155:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:160:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:171:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:172:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:178:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:182:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:183:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:192:80: E501 line too long (88 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:195:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:207:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:213:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:216:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:222:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:229:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:240:80: E501 line too long (86 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:241:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:243:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:248:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:256:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:265:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:271:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:276:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:287:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:291:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/security/validators.py:298:53: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:57:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:58:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:69:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:81:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:84:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:100:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:106:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:120:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:123:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:130:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:134:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:137:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:141:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:157:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:159:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:162:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:170:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:190:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:193:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:201:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:204:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:209:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:220:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:231:45: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:234:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:237:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:251:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:257:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:263:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:274:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:277:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:282:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:285:23: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:292:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:294:23: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:298:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:300:23: F541 f-string is missing placeholders
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:304:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:317:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:323:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:325:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:326:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:340:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:346:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:379:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:403:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/debt_tracker.py:415:45: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Dict' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:10:1: F401 'typing.List' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Union' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:10:1: F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:23:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:38:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:46:80: E501 line too long (97 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:58:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:61:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:70:80: E501 line too long (92 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:86:67: W291 trailing whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:87:28: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:97:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:100:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:112:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:121:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:126:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:131:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:136:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:142:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:148:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:156:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:161:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:165:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:168:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:179:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:185:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:188:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:198:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:200:80: E501 line too long (99 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:205:80: E501 line too long (93 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:206:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:211:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:214:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:220:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:223:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/safe_serialization.py:225:65: W292 no newline at end of file
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:7:1: F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:27:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:29:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:33:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:36:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:44:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:52:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:56:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:59:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:65:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:68:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:71:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:86:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:95:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:104:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:107:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:116:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:119:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:122:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:132:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:138:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:145:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:151:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:154:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:160:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:163:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:166:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:171:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:175:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:181:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:187:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:194:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:200:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:203:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:206:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:212:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:215:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:226:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:231:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:233:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:239:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:242:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:245:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:250:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:255:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:261:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:264:80: E501 line too long (102 > 79 characters)
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:266:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:270:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
src/proof_sketcher/utils/security.py:271:15: W292 no newline at end of file
51    E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
5     E129 visually indented line with same indent as next logical line
2     E203 whitespace before ':'
3     E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
2     E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
1     E303 too many blank lines (2)
2     E306 expected 1 blank line before a nested definition, found 0
1299  E501 line too long (80 > 79 characters)
5     E722 do not use bare 'except'
73    F401 'typing.Optional' imported but unused
20    F541 f-string is missing placeholders
7     F811 redefinition of unused 'validate_setup' from line 219
3     F821 undefined name 'ManimMCPManager'
9     F841 local variable 'e' is assigned to but never used
147   W291 trailing whitespace
63    W292 no newline at end of file
2781  W293 blank line contains whitespace
